headcount of our troops, who attend the emergency meeting
It's not about our work。
We are delighted
so, we get behind of it, leaving our house work to the front line.
If these expelled jemand,
isolated yet activism in a struggle and
but it still listed the mode of criticalism
in the News glasses,
then we truly get numerous chance to courses.
Then we certainly get countless chance to courses.
If a crush is one,
The people's Army.
The people's Army is at the front line of the army.
We, the Japanese Army, are at the front line of the army.
We are at the front line of the army.
We have decided to reestablish our resolve to fight.
We have decided to live a war life.
We have decided to build up our military strength.
Our purpose is not to neighbor the new Ram好了 Be
We will advance on this road.
And our hearts are the hearts of the 100 million people of the Great East.
The Great East has no water, and the construction of the Great East is not possible.
The 100 million people of the Great East rest in their homes.
Whether it is the coexistence of the common people or the repression of the common people,
or the suffering of the people who are oppressed by the victims of the Great East,
it is exactly the Great East that is at stake in this great war.